hey nice that you look at one again
tutorial of the picasa program
today it seems nice to you
learn and how to take a black and white photo
color accent
photo that I clicked on here and
has this effect
black and white and bit only is colored
and often the photo gets the question from
how do you do that
and picasa you have an option to that
to do
we are going to do it today with the cloud
I have the beautiful ladies cloud here and me
click on that photo and you will see it here
the options bar that I can do this photo
edit with the creative work set the
click that and before it was one
picnic program picnic but that is
stopped in April and that was a great pity
because we are a lot of fun
applications in this program and
luckily it was put on again
under a different name
and that is why we can now still in picasa
use this fun yes kind
piece of program
ok i am in here you have some
options I choose effects this time
and then some very nice ones come
frogs in the picture that are all standing
for a specific operation
I advise you to do all of that
just click once if you are in this
Program is and see what it does
and over time if you like the movie
works and also learn which frog for
which or which name for which
application and I know that too
what I want to do
under black and white she says click that
and you immediately see my picture
now black and white
well all i have to do now is
put my mouse on the nose because me
wants to make the nose red and that
nose
oh on the color so with a mouse click I
hold my mouse for one i can
not on color I can of course also with
adjusting a brush thickness is boring
just as big as the nose and in one
mouse click I would be ready
okay if I had more details here
want and then for example a snare
then I make something the same moment
smaller and I go very carefully with
my mouse over the bow to make this a whole
be able to do exactly
I advise you to zoom in here
sit such a man comes for a moment
the sun pulls Davies up a little and
so can the exactly the edges of that
bring back the scarf in that original color
if I go to because in the hair still
for a moment we color it was more mine
brush thickness aside for a moment and me
can be exactly
make sure the hair doesn't touch okay
and in this way I zoom out again
and so I see the original photo
only one the two red color accents
of the nose and a scarf
if i want to save this then i need
just to say
reply and then you keep it here and here
then save at the top right
picasa
but if they do then I say replays or
safe new copy I choose this because
I also keep the colors there
color copy in my picasa
then he will produce that and then
I'm going back to my program
if I go back now to the library
then I see that I have the black and white photo here
have got
and if all goes well, it is still here
my color photo
well how nice is that look yourself in which
photos you can really enjoy this effect
and want to know more about it
the entire picasa program will look briefly
at www point nice viewed point now and
courses are given in the area
ermelo and on request also elsewhere
appears after a while and wish you a lot of fun
with this application
thanks and to be the next